Every Saturday morning, I’d awaken to the smell
 of crushed garlic and piquant pepper. I would stumble into 
the kitchen to find my grandma squatting over a large silver bowl,
 mixing fat lips of fresh cabbages with garlic, salt, and red pepper. 
That was how the delectable Korean dish, kimchi, was born every weekend at my home.
My grandma’s specialty always dominated the dinner ta
ble as kimchi filled every plate. And like my grandma
 who had always been living with us, it seemed as though
 the luscious smell of garlic would never leave our home. 
he is a donkey.
he is a shrewd.
he is an idiot.
he is a good boy.
But even the prided recipe was defenseless against the ravages 
of Alzheimer’s that inflicted my grandma’s mind.
Dementia slowly fed on her memories 
until she became as blank as a hello brand-new 
notebook. The ritualistic rigor of Saturday 
mornings came to a pause, and during dinner, 
the artificial taste of vacuum-packaged factory 
kimchi only emphasized the absence of the family tradition. 
I would look at her and ask, “Grandma, what’s my name?” 
But she would stare back at me with a clueless expression. 
Within a year of diagnosis, she lived with.
 us like a total stranger.
In the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries, European nations began to claim different 
regions in the New World. Using new sea technologies such as the astrolabe and 
improved navigation techniques, Europeans sought new trade routes to the Indian 
Ocean and Asia. Sailing west and finding new continents instead, the Europeans soon 
realized the economic potential of the Americas. The Spanish, French, and British each 
took a unique approach to how they utilized the New World territories in which they settled, 
resulting in distinct and profound patterns of social development.
The Spanish had two major goals: to gain wealth and to spread Catholicism to the native 
populations. Realizing the potential to mine precious metals and profit from large-scale 
agriculture, the Spanish forced American Indians into labor, such as through the encomienda 
system. Violence and deception were often used to subdue the indigenous populations, aided by 
the technological superiority of European weapons and the spread of devastating diseases. 
Although some Spanish came as missionaries with the goal of converting American Indians to 
Christianity and often protested the abusive treatment of the American Indians, even missions 
sometimes essentially forced labor and coerced assimilation to Spanish culture. In the long term, 
a hierarchical social structure developed in the Spanish colonies in which the Spanish-born and 
their descendants (peninsulares and creoles) dominated those of mixed background (mestizos and mulattos) 
and especially those of pure African or American Indian heritage. Overall, millions perished between disease and 
mistreatment, devastatingly weakening traditional cultures but enriching the Spanish.
The French differed from the Spanish in their relationship with the indigenous populations. Using the St. Lawrence River for transportation and trade, the French profited from trading fur pelts, particularly beaver, with the American Indians, and then sending the pelts to Europe. These traders profited from the knowledge and goods of the American Indian populations who lived there, and certainly desired to develop mutually profitable relationships with them. Overall, this more cooperative relationship helped preserve American Indian cultures and led to alliances between the French and different American Indian nations. These alliances benefited the French in later wars with the British.
The British were more interested in establishing permanent communities in North America. Jamestown, Britain’s first successful settlement, was economically based. The relationship with the American Indians turned hostile as the number of British settlers increased and they sought to occupy more land for tobacco production. In New England, many of the settlers were Pilgrims or Puritans seeking free expression of their religious beliefs. Here, the British also disrupted American Indian societies and established a relationship of hostility between the groups as the British not only encroached on the native people’s land for farming but they also began to spread smallpox, killing a large percentage of the indigenous populations. Large-scale conflicts broke out; many British and American Indian villages were destroyed during Metacom’s War, but it was the American Indian tribes who were largely displaced or eliminated. The British, like the Spanish, resorted to violence to secure their own economic ends and irrevocably disrupted American Indian societies as a result.
Overall, where Europeans sought permanent settlements or economic.
gain at the expense of the forced labor of others, American Indian societies.
experienced population decline, upheaval, and ultimately, threats to their traditional lands and traditions.
Once there lived a foolish donkey in a town. The town was situated near a forest. 
There, in the forest lived king lion and his minister, a cunning fox. 
Once, king lion was badly wounded in a fierce fighting with an elephant.
He became unable to hunt for his prey. So he asked his minister, the cunning fox to bring some good meal for him. As the fox used to share the prey, which king lion hunted for his meals, he at once, set out to search for food.
While wandering here and there, the fox met a donkey. 
The donkey looked foolish, nervous and huungry. 
The fox asked him, “Hello! you seem to be new to this forest. 
Where do you actually come from?”
“I come from the nearby town”, said the donkey. 
“My master, the dhobi makes me work all day, but doesn’t feed me properly.
 So I’ve left my home to find a better place to live in and eat properly.”
“I see”, said the fox. “Don’t worry. I’m a senior minister in this forest kingdom.
 Come with me to the king’s palace. Our king needs a bodyguard, who has the experience of town life.
You will live in the palace and eat a lot of green grass growing around it ‘ ”
The donkey was very happy to listen to all this from the minister fox of the forest kingdom.
 He proceeded with him to the royal palace.
Seeing a,donkey before him the king lion became highly impatient and pounced upon him immediately. 
But on account of constant hunger, the king lion had gone weak. 
He couldn’t overpower the donkey.
The donkey freed himself and ran for his life.
“Your Majesty,” said the fox to king lion, “you shouldn’t have acted in such a haste. 
You have scared your prey.”
“I’m sorry,” said king lion. “Try to bring him here once again.”
The hungry fox went again to the donkey and said to him, “What a funny fellow you are. Why did you run away like that?”
“Why shouldn’t IT’ asked the donkey
“My dear,” said the fox, “you were being tested for your alertness as a royal bodyguard of the king. 
Thank god, you showed a quick reflex, otherwise, you would have been rejected for the job.”
The donkey believed what the fox said and accompanied him once again to the palace. 
There at the palace the king lion was hiding behind the thick bushes. As soon as the donkey passed by the bushes, the lion pounced upon him and killed him instantly.
Just when the lion was about to begin eating the donkey, the fox said, “Your Majesty, you’re going to have your meals after quite a few days. 
It’s better you first take a bath and offer prayers.”
“Hmm!” the king lion roared and said to the fox, “Stay here. I’ll be back right now.”
The lion went to take bath and offer his prayers.
 In the meantime, the fox ate the donkey’s brain. 
When the king lion came back to eat his prey, he was surprised to see that the donkey’s brain was missing.